well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again got a break in the rain a little
bit anyway so we're going to talk about
tradition institutional traditions and
how sometimes things can change and
institutions don't want them to so they
just don't accept that things have
changed the military will often bring in
outside experts civilians people that
have nothing to do with the military to
give them a fresh perspective on things
to give them insight that they don't
have because they're in a bubble they
they're in an institutional bubble
sometimes these conversations aren't
even asked for they just happen kind of
offhand that recently occurred with Elon
Musk he said something and he's right
he's right
but the military hasn't accepted that he
is correct yet it's interesting that
we're talking about this today because
today in 1912 was the first time that
airships were used by the military
anyway they were used for observation
by the time surveillance reconnaissance
ever since then militaries all over the
world have been just obsessed with
maintaining air superiority the u.s. is
so much so that right now we're spending
1.5 trillion dollars more or less for
the f-35 at the cost of roughly a
hundred million dollars a unit hauteur
million dollars an aircraft some are a
little more some are a little less
depending on what version they cost
about forty thousand dollars to keep in
the air forty thousand dollars on how to
keep in the air and they're obsolete
they're not even in the field yet
they're not even fully out yet and
they're obsolete they're gone because
they were elected to change
Elon Musk pointed out we are pushing the
boundaries of human endurance when it
comes to what aircraft are capable
what's the solution
take the human out of the aircraft run
it from the ground he said it and he's
right the competitor for the f-35 should
be a drone the age of the fighter pilot
much like the age of the airship is over
even though airships are kind of making
a comeback in a weird way but aside from
that it's over when you think about it
the aircraft if you're talking on a
drone pilot has no fear in a dogfight
the pilot has no fear less prone to
error what happens if they're shot down
nothing they're safe in a trailer fort
hood nothing they get a new plane it's
like a video game with an extra life and
no fear well that's good for the pilot
that's bad in other ways why do we want
air superiority because eventually we
want to do air-to-ground and that's when
it becomes worrisome because if there is
no fear for the pilot there is no fear
politically there's no potential
blowback if we're not risking any human
assets to accomplish something we will
probably do it more often because
there's no risk there's no political
risk if it's just machines nobody's
going to care it can be done without
risk of all of the things that come
along with it for us however when we get
to the air-to-ground aspects of it what
happens it's not combatants anymore it's
non-combatants it's always
non-combatants that pay the highest
price and if we have no fear of using it
and we are using them more often there
will be more and that is what
and then this week Turkey proved it was
true
they used drones in a campaign and it
was unprecedented was the word that I
saw tossed around a lot
it was but it proved that musk was right
it proved that Wes was right we are
wasting 1.5 trillion dollars because it
wasn't thought through when the
government tells you that we don't have
the money for something remember this
many times we're funding stuff that we
don't need to be these aircraft are
they're already obsolete because other
nations weren't reluctant to change and
they caught up we're worried about
creating the next generation fighter
we shouldn't not in the way we're
thinking of it because it's not going to
have a pilot anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night